---

copyright:
  years: 2020, 2022

lastupdated: "2022-09-23"

keywords: 
subcollection: framework-financial-services-controls
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# SA-15 - Development Process, Standards, And Tools
{: #sa-15}

## Requirements
{: #requirements}

The organization:

(a) Requires the developer of the information system, system component, or information system service to follow a documented development process that:

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp(1) Explicitly addresses security requirements;

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp(2) Identifies the standards and tools used in the development process;

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp(3) Documents the specific tool options and tool configurations used in the development process; and

&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp(4) Documents, manages, and ensures the integrity of changes to the process and/or tools used in development; and

(b) Reviews the development process, standards, tools, and tool options/configurations [organization-defined frequency] to determine if the process, standards, tools, and tool options/configurations selected and employed can satisfy [organization-defined security requirements].

## Additional IBM Cloud for Financial Services specifications
{: #additional-fs-cloud-specifications}

Solutions must minimize the reliance on underlying network and operating system infrastructure to ensure system independence.

Develop applications to leverage cloud scalability capabilities, with service level obligations based on their availability requirements.

NIST Publication 800-144 - Guidelines on Security and Privacy in Public Cloud Computing emphasize logical separation of resources.  The organization must ensure applications are designed to separate each layer of the stack.  Access to each layer must ensure separation of duties.

API architecture must utilize HTTP (W3C) standards and use RESTful APIs. 

APIs shall be subject to the same security controls as any other resource within the system.

APIs shall be platform and operating system independent.

## Implementation guidance
{: #implementation-guidance}

See the resources that follow to learn more about how to implement this control.

- [Development processes and software integrity](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-shared-development-processes)

## NIST supplemental guidance
{: #supplemental-guidance}

Development tools include, for example, programming languages and computer-aided design (CAD) systems. Reviews of development processes can include, for example, the use of maturity models to determine the potential effectiveness of such processes. Maintaining the integrity of changes to tools and processes enables accurate supply chain risk assessment and mitigation, and requires robust configuration control throughout the life cycle (including design, development, transport, delivery, integration, and maintenance) to track authorized changes and prevent unauthorized changes.

