---
copyright:
  years: 2020, 2022
lastupdated: "2022-09-16"
keywords: 
subcollection: controls
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# SC-28 - Protection Of Information At Rest
{: #sc-28}

## Requirements
{: #requirements}

The information system protects the [data in all regions and availability zones] of [organization-defined information at rest].

## NIST supplemental guidance
{: #supplemental-guidance}

This control addresses the confidentiality and integrity of information at rest and covers user information and system information. Information at rest refers to the state of information when it is located on storage devices as specific components of information systems. System-related information requiring protection includes, for example, configurations or rule sets for firewalls, gateways, intrusion detection/prevention systems, filtering routers, and authenticator content. Organizations may employ different mechanisms to achieve confidentiality and integrity protections, including the use of cryptographic mechanisms and file share scanning. Integrity protection can be achieved, for example, by implementing Write-Once-Read-Many (WORM) technologies. Organizations may also employ other security controls including, for example, secure off-line storage in lieu of online storage when adequate protection of information at rest cannot otherwise be achieved and/or continuous monitoring to identify malicious code at rest.



## Implementation guidance (from CIO template and not for production)
{: #implementation-guidance}

Provider is to protect data against unauthorized disclosure, modification or destruction by applying controls according to the data classification as assigned by the consumer, throughout the data lifecycle (i.e., creation, at rest, in transit, in process, archival, and destruction) and consistent with laws and regulations applicable to the data.

Data at rest must always be encrypted.  The provider must implement controls to ensure cryptographic controls are in place in all regions and availability zones to protect the confidentiality and integrity of data.

Provider is to ensure the use of unique encryption keys per consumer, for data at rest encryption.  Provider must also ensure that they use Keep Your Own Key (KYOK) solution so that the keys are in exclusive control and they have full control of the HSM; and thus, have technical assurance that Cloud provider cannot access the keys.  To meet this requirement, the provider must use IBM Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS) to support this requirement.  HPCS enables KYOK support and protected with FIPS 140-2 level 4 HSM.

When the consumer is a financial institution, the consumer&#39;s key should be used for encrypting consumer data. This means the consumer has full control and authority over the encryption keys so that neither the provider nor IBM can decrypt the consumer&#39;s data.

Note: There is currently no Financial Services Validated solution for retrieving the consumer&#39;s keys. For the time being provider will need to use their own keys with KYOK.

## Evidence guidance (from CIO template and not for production)
{: #evidence-guidance}

Automated mechanisms supporting and/or implementing encryption, confidentiality, and integrity protections for information in all zones and regions, primary and alternate sites.Configurations showing encryption type, size, and level for information at rest. Samples of data at rest showing encryption implementation. System and communications protection policy.


## Implementation guidance
{: #implementation-guidance}

See the resources that follow to learn more about how to implement this control.

- [Data encryption at rest](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-shared-encryption-at-rest)

## IBM Cloud for Financial Services Profile
{: #scc-fs-cloud-profile}

The goals that follow are part of the IBM Cloud for Financial Services v0.5.0 profile in [{{site.data.keyword.compliance_full}}](/docs/security-compliance?topic=security-compliance-getting-started).

- 3000108: Check whether Cloud Object Storage is enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000322: Check whether Event Streams is enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000323: Check whether App ID is enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000458: Check whether Virtual Servers for VPC boot volumes are enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000460: Check whether Virtual Servers for VPC data volumes are enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000461: Check whether Virtual Servers for VPC is provisioned from an encrypted image
- 3000528: Check whether Hyper Protect DBaaS for MongoDB is enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000536: Check whether Hyper Protect DBaaS for PostgreSQL is enabled with customer-managed encryption and Keep Your Own Key (KYOK)
- 3000706: Check whether App ID user data is encrypted
