---

copyright:
  years: 2020, 2022

lastupdated: "2022-09-20"

keywords: 
subcollection: controls
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# AU-11 - Audit Record Retention
{: #au-11}

## Requirements
{: #requirements}

The organization retains audit records for [online for 90 days and offline for one (1) year] to provide support for after-the-fact investigations of security incidents and to meet regulatory and organizational information retention requirements.

## Additional IBM Cloud for Financial Services specifications
{: #additional-fs-cloud-specifications}

All records specified by a customer and/or its regulators must be retained according to the specified retention policy.  All organizations must comply with customer-specified retention policies.

## Implementation guidance
{: #implementation-guidance}

See the resources that follow to learn more about how to implement this control.

- [Audit logging of {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} events](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-shared-logging-audit)
- [Audit logging of application provider events and SIEM](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-shared-logging-audit-provider)
- [{{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} account setup](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-shared-account-setup)

## IBM Cloud for Financial Services profile
{: #scc-fs-cloud-profile}

The goals that follow are part of the IBM Cloud for Financial Services v0.5.0 profile in [{{site.data.keyword.compliance_full}}](/docs/security-compliance?topic=security-compliance-getting-started).

- 3000282: Check whether Cloud Object Storage quota enforcement is off for buckets that are configured to use Activity Tracker event routing

## NIST supplemental guidance
{: #supplemental-guidance}

Organizations retain audit records until it is determined that they are no longer needed for administrative, legal, audit, or other operational purposes. This includes, for example, retention and availability of audit records relative to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, subpoenas, and law enforcement actions. Organizations develop standard categories of audit records relative to such types of actions and standard response processes for each type of action. The National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) General Records Schedules provide federal policy on record retention.

