---
copyright:
  years: 2020, 2025

lastupdated: "2025-02-26"

keywords:

subcollection: framework-financial-services-controls
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# AC-17 - Remote Access
{: #ac-17}

## Control requirements
{: #control-requirements}



### AC-17 (a)


Establish and document usage restrictions, configuration/connection requirements, and implementation guidance for each type of remote access allowed.


### AC-17 (b)


Authorize each type of remote access to the system prior to allowing such connections.






## Additional IBM Cloud for Financial Services specifications
{: #additional-ibm-cloud-for-financial-services-specifications}

Container Security Requirements: 
• If the container daemon is accessible remotely, ensure that TLS authentication is configured to restrict access to this daemon.




## Implementation guidance
{: #implementation-guidance}

See the resources that follow to learn more about how to implement this control.


- [Completing workload operator actions through a bastion host](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-satellite-architecture-connectivity-bastion)


- [Connecting application provider to the management VPC](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-vpc-architecture-connectivity-management)


- [Running operator actions through a bastion host](/docs/framework-financial-services?topic=framework-financial-services-vpc-architecture-connectivity-bastion)






## NIST supplemental guidance
{: #nist-supplemental-guidance}

Remote access is access to organizational systems (or processes acting on behalf of users) that communicate through external networks such as the Internet. Types of remote access include dial-up, broadband, and wireless. Organizations use encrypted virtual private networks (VPNs) to enhance confidentiality and integrity for remote connections. The use of encrypted VPNs provides sufficient assurance to the organization that it can effectively treat such connections as internal networks if the cryptographic mechanisms used are implemented in accordance with applicable laws, executive orders, directives, regulations, policies, standards, and guidelines. Still, VPN connections traverse external networks, and the encrypted VPN does not enhance the availability of remote connections. VPNs with encrypted tunnels can also affect the ability to adequately monitor network communications traffic for malicious code. Remote access controls apply to systems other than public web servers or systems designed for public access. Authorization of each remote access type addresses authorization prior to allowing remote access without specifying the specific formats for such authorization. While organizations may use information exchange and system connection security agreements to manage remote access connections to other systems, such agreements are addressed as part of CA-3. Enforcing access restrictions for remote access is addressed via AC-3.
