---
copyright:
  years: 2020, 2025

lastupdated: "2025-02-26"

keywords:

subcollection: framework-financial-services-controls
---

{{site.data.keyword.attribute-definition-list}}

# AC-21 - Information Sharing
{: #ac-21}

## Control requirements
{: #control-requirements}



### AC-21 (a)


Enable authorized users to determine whether access authorizations assigned to a sharing partner match the information’s access and use restrictions for _[Assignment: organization-defined information sharing circumstances where user discretion is required]_.


### AC-21 (b)


Employ _[Assignment: organization-defined automated mechanisms or manual processes]_ to assist users in making information sharing and collaboration decisions.






## Additional IBM Cloud for Financial Services specifications
{: #additional-ibm-cloud-for-financial-services-specifications}

The organization must inform the customer and follow all applicable and governing requirements when customer information, including but not limited to, when customer data has been shared with another party.

Customer consent must be obtained prior to releasing any data outside its intended use.







## NIST supplemental guidance
{: #nist-supplemental-guidance}

Information sharing applies to information that may be restricted in some manner based on some formal or administrative determination. Examples of such information include, contract-sensitive information, classified information related to special access programs or compartments, privileged information, proprietary information, and personally identifiable information. Security and privacy risk assessments as well as applicable laws, regulations, and policies can provide useful inputs to these determinations. Depending on the circumstances, sharing partners may be defined at the individual, group, or organizational level. Information may be defined by content, type, security category, or special access program or compartment. Access restrictions may include non-disclosure agreements (NDA). Information flow techniques and security attributes may be used to provide automated assistance to users making sharing and collaboration decisions.
